[Music]
here now what the Lord says arise plead
your case before the mountainous and let
the hills hear your voice
here o you mountains the Lord's
complaint and use strong foundations of
the earth for the Lord has a complaint
against his people and he will contend
with Israel o my people in what have I
done to you and how have I wherein you
testify against me for I brought you up
from the land of Egypt I redeemed you
from the house of bondage and I sent
before you Moses Aaron and Miriam o my
people remember now what veil a king of
Moab counseled and what Balaam the son
of Beor answered him from acacia growth
to Gilgal that you may know the
righteousness of the Lord
with what shall I come before the Lord
and bow myself before the high god shall
I come before him with burnt offerings
with calves a year old will the Lord be
pleased with thousands of rams ten
thousand rivers of oil shall I give my
firstborn for my transgression the fruit
of my body for the sin of my soul he has
shown you O man what is good and what
does the Lord require of you but to do
justly
to love mercy and to walk humbly with
your God
the Lord's voice cries to the city
wisdom shall see your name here the rod
who has appointed it are there yet the
treasures of wickedness in the house of
the wicked and the short measure that is
an abomination shall I can't pure those
with the wicked scales and with the bag
of deceitful waits for her rich men are
full of violence her inhabitants of
spoken lives and their tongue is
deceitful in their mouths
therefore I will also make you sick by
striking by making you desolate because
of your sins you shall eat but not be
satisfied hunger shall be in your midst
you may carry some away but shall not
save them
and what you do rescue I will give over
to the sword you shall sell but not only
you shall tread the olives but not
anoint yourselves with oil and make
sweet wine but not drink one for the
statutes of our eye are kept all the
works of Ahab's house are done and you
walk in their counsels that I may make
you a desolation and your inhabitants
are kissing therefore you shall bear the
reproach of my people
[Music]